.bumpversion.cfg
.dockerignore
.editorconfig
.flake8
.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yaml
CHANGELOG.md
CITATION.cff
LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/workflows/broken-link-check.yml
.github/workflows/ci.yml
.github/workflows/documentation.yml
.github/workflows/pre-commit_autoupdate.yml
.github/workflows/remove_old_artifacts.yml
.vscode/extensions.json
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/settings.json
docs/Makefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/api.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/example-output.ipynb
docs/faq.rst
docs/glossary.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/installing-muse.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/muse-components.rst
docs/objects.inv
docs/overview.rst
docs/python
docs/requirements.txt
docs/running-muse-example.ipynb
docs/advanced-guide/api.rst
docs/advanced-guide/extending-muse.ipynb
docs/advanced-guide/further-extending-muse.ipynb
docs/advanced-guide/index.rst
docs/advanced-guide/mynewfunctions.py
docs/advanced-guide/Results/CacheCapacity.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2020.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2025.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2030.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2035.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2040.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2045.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/ResidentialConsumption_Zero2050.txt
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/advanced-guide/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/figures/MUSE-diagram-carbon-budget-colour.png
docs/figures/muse_overview.jpg
docs/figures/time-horizon.graffle
docs/figures/time-horizon.pdf
docs/figures/time-horizon_1.pdf
docs/figures/visual-studio-installation.png
docs/inputs/agents.rst
docs/inputs/commodities.rst
docs/inputs/commodities_io.png
docs/inputs/commodities_io.rst
docs/inputs/commodities_io_table.png
docs/inputs/correlation_files.rst
docs/inputs/existing_capacity.rst
docs/inputs/index.rst
docs/inputs/inputs_csv.rst
docs/inputs/projections.rst
docs/inputs/technodata.rst
docs/inputs/technodata_timeslices.rst
docs/inputs/toml.rst
docs/inputs/toml_primer.rst
docs/source/muse.agents.rst
docs/source/muse.outputs.rst
docs/source/muse.readers.rst
docs/source/muse.sectors.rst
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/visualisation-of-results.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/1-introduction/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/solar-scenario-results.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/1-add-new-technology/2-scenario/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/visualise-new-agent-multiple-objective.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/1-multiple-objective/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/visualise-new-agent-single-objective.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/2-add-agent/2-single-objective/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/visualise-new-region.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/power/Technodata 2.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/3-add-region/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/visualise-timing-result-changes.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/1-modify-timeslices/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/visualise-time-framework-changes.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2022.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2024.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2026.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2028.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2032.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2034.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2036.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2038.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2022.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2024.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2026.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2028.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2032.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2034.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2036.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2038.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2022.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2024.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2026.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2028.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2032.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2034.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2036.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2038.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2022.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2024.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2026.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2028.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2032.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2034.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2036.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2038.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/4-modify-timing-data/2-modify-time-framework/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/1-exogenous-demand/visualise-service-demand-addition.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/1-exogenous-demand/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/1-exogenous-demand/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/1-exogenous-demand/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/1-exogenous-demand/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/settings_residential_regressed.toml
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/preset/Macrodrivers.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/preset/TimesliceSharepreset.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/preset/regressionparameters.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/preset/timeslices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/5-add-service-demand/2-correlation-demand simple/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/visualise-correlation-demand.ipynb
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/preset/Macrodrivers.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/preset/TimesliceSharepreset.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/preset/regressionparameters.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/6-add-correlation-demand/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/output.py
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/power/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/1-min-constraint/technodata/residential/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/output.py
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Consumption_Timeslice/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Power/Supply_Timeslice/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/power/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/7-min-max-timeslice-constraints/2-max-constraint/technodata/residential/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/settings.toml
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/MCACapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/MCAPrices.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/input/BaseYearExport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/input/BaseYearImport.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/input/Projections.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/Agents.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/ExistingTrade.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/power/TradeTechnodata.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
docs/tutorial-code/8-trade/final_trade/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
docs/user-guide/add-agent.ipynb
docs/user-guide/add-gdp-correlation-demand.ipynb
docs/user-guide/add-region.ipynb
docs/user-guide/add-solar.ipynb
docs/user-guide/addition-service-demand.ipynb
docs/user-guide/index.rst
docs/user-guide/min-max-timeslice-constraints.ipynb
docs/user-guide/modify-timing-data.ipynb
docs/user-guide/trade.ipynb
run/default_settings.toml
run/example/default/settings.toml
run/example/default/Results/MCACapacity.csv
run/example/default/Results/MCAPrices.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/default/Results/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/default/Results/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
run/example/default/Results/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
run/example/default/input/BaseYearExport.csv
run/example/default/input/BaseYearImport.csv
run/example/default/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
run/example/default/input/Projections.csv
run/example/default/technodata/Agents.csv
run/example/default/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
run/example/default/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
run/example/default/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/default/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
run/example/default/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
run/example/default/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
run/example/default/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/default/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
run/example/default/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
run/example/default/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
run/example/default/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
run/example/default/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
run/example/default/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/default/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
run/example/medium/input/BaseYearExport.csv
run/example/medium/input/BaseYearImport.csv
run/example/medium/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
run/example/medium/input/Projections.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/medium/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
run/example/minimum_service/settings.toml
run/example/minimum_service/input/BaseYearExport.csv
run/example/minimum_service/input/BaseYearImport.csv
run/example/minimum_service/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
run/example/minimum_service/input/Projections.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/Agents.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/CommIn.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/CommOut.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/Existing.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/Technodata.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2010Consumption.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2020Consumption.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2030Consumption.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2040Consumption.csv
run/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2050Consumption.csv
run/example/multiple_agents/Agents.csv
run/example/multiple_agents/residential/Technodata.csv
run/example/outputs/default/MCACapacity.csv
run/example/outputs/default/MCAPrices.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/MCACapacity.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/MCASupply.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2010.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2015.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2050.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2010.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2015.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2020.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2025.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2030.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2035.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2040.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2045.csv
run/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2050.csv
run/example/trade/settings.toml
run/example/trade/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
run/example/trade/input/Projections.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/Agents.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/gas/ExistingTrade.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/gas/TradeTechnodata.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/ExistingTrade.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/power/TradeTechnodata.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2030Consumption.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/residential/Agents.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
run/example/trade/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/requires.txt
src/MUSE_OS.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/muse/__init__.py
src/muse/__main__.py
src/muse/carbon_budget.py
src/muse/commodities.py
src/muse/conftest.py
src/muse/constraints.py
src/muse/decisions.py
src/muse/decorators.py
src/muse/defaults.py
src/muse/demand_matching.py
src/muse/demand_share.py
src/muse/errors.py
src/muse/examples.py
src/muse/filters.py
src/muse/hooks.py
src/muse/interactions.py
src/muse/investments.py
src/muse/mca.py
src/muse/objectives.py
src/muse/production.py
src/muse/quantities.py
src/muse/registration.py
src/muse/regressions.py
src/muse/timeslices.py
src/muse/utilities.py
src/muse/agents/__init__.py
src/muse/agents/agent.py
src/muse/agents/factories.py
src/muse/data/default_settings.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/settings_SOS_37_Budget.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/settings_SOS_73_Budget.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/settings_SOS_FUEL_Budget.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/settings_SOS_LCOE_Budget.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Capital_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Eac.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Emission_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Fuel_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Lcoe.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0307/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Capital_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Eac.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Emission_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Fuel_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Lcoe.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_0703/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Capital_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Eac.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Emission_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Fuel_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Lcoe.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_FUEL/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Capital_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Eac.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Emission_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Fuel_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Lcoe.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC_LCOE/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/Projections0307low.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/Projections0703low.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/ProjectionsFUELlow.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/ProjectionsLCOElow.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/input/Regions.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata/preset/Residential2060Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/Agents_0307.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/Macrodrivers.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0307/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0703/residential/Agents_0703.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0703/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0703/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0703/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_0703/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_FUEL/residential/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_FUEL/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_FUEL/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_FUEL/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_FUEL/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_LCOE/residential/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_LCOE/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_LCOE/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_LCOE/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-1/technodata_LCOE/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/settings_SOS_EAC_budget.toml
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Capital_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Eac.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Emission_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Fuel_Costs.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Lcoe.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/Results/BUDGET/ADHOC/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/input/ProjectionsBudgetlow.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/input/Regions.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/preset/Residential2060Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/Agents_lim.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/Macrodrivers.csv
src/muse/data/OS_case_studies/demonstration-2/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/settings.toml
src/muse/data/example/default/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/output.py
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/settings.toml
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/gas/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/power/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/power/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/default_timeslice/technodata/residential/TechnodataTimeslices.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/medium/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/settings.toml
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/input/BaseYearExport.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/input/BaseYearImport.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/Existing.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/industry/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2010Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2030Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2040Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/minimum_service/technodata/preset/Industry2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/multiple_agents/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/multiple_agents/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/multiple_agents/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/MCAPrices.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Gas/Capacity/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Power/Capacity/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Capacity/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/default/Residential/Supply/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/MCACapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/MCAMetric_Supply.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2010.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2015.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Capacity/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2010.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2015.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2020.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2025.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2030.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2035.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2040.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2045.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/minimum_service/Industry/Supply/2050.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/trade/Capacities.csv
src/muse/data/example/outputs/trade/Prices.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/settings.toml
src/muse/data/example/trade/input/GlobalCommodities.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/input/Projections.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/gas/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/gas/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/gas/ExistingTrade.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/gas/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/gas/TradeTechnodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/power/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/power/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/power/ExistingTrade.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/power/Technodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/power/TradeTechnodata.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2020Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2030Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/preset/Residential2050Consumption.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/residential/Agents.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/residential/CommIn.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/residential/CommOut.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/residential/ExistingCapacity.csv
src/muse/data/example/trade/technodata/residential/Technodata.csv
src/muse/outputs/__init__.py
src/muse/outputs/cache.py
src/muse/outputs/mca.py
src/muse/outputs/sector.py
src/muse/outputs/sinks.py
src/muse/readers/__init__.py
src/muse/readers/csv.py
src/muse/readers/toml.py
src/muse/sectors/__init__.py
src/muse/sectors/abstract.py
src/muse/sectors/legacy_sector.py
src/muse/sectors/preset_sector.py
src/muse/sectors/register.py
src/muse/sectors/sector.py
src/muse/sectors/subsector.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/test_agents.py
tests/test_aggregoutput.py
tests/test_carbon_budget.py
tests/test_commodity.py
tests/test_constraints.py
tests/test_decisions.py
tests/test_demand_matching.py
tests/test_demand_share.py
tests/test_filters.py
tests/test_fullsim_regression.py
tests/test_interactions.py
tests/test_investments.py
tests/test_legacy_sector.py
tests/test_mca.py
tests/test_minimum_service.py
tests/test_objectives.py
tests/test_outputs.py
tests/test_presets.py
tests/test_quantities.py
tests/test_readers.py
tests/test_regressions.py
tests/test_subsector.py
tests/test_timeslice_output.py
tests/test_timeslices.py
tests/test_trade.py
tests/test_utilities.py